Add Documentation - Framework - Plugin Context Accessors (#1883)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/subscription/properties/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: Properties
description: Subscription class properties
---

# Subscription

> The `Subscription` class allows to adds or removes [realtime subscriptions](/core/2/guides/main-concepts/6-realtime-engine) from the backend.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Subscription` class allows to add or remove [realtime subscriptions](/core/2/guides/main-concepts/6-realtime-engine) from the backend.  
```
